Yet another report that can be viewed
from the main screen would be the
items with no costs that are greater than zero,
but there are no items on hand.
This report will give you a summary
of all the items in the primary area selected.
For this example, we have selected the main search primary.
It will list the total number of items,
the total amount of compliant items,
and the total amount of noncompliant items.
The noncompliant items will be items that have no
quantities but an associated cost tied to the items.
These items can be further drilled down
and then corrected by authorized staff.
Just select the number itself
to get the detailed information.